feat: support TypeScript config using `importx` (#18440)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/configuration-files.md

```

In this case, ESLint does not search for `eslint.config.js` and instead uses `some-other-file.js`.

## TypeScript Support

ESLint supports loading configuration files written in TypeScript optionally. The TypeScript support is powered by [`importx`](https://github.com/antfu/importx), which does not come out-of-the-box with ESLint and you will need to install it as a dev dependency first:

```shell
npm install --save-dev importx
```

Note that `importx` only strips off type annotations and does not perform type checking.

> When both `eslint.config.js` and `eslint.config.ts` are present in the same directory, JavaScript versions always take precedence unless provided specifically via `--config` option.

Reviewer: We should note in the docs that this feature is still experimental, so it could change anytime.

Loading TypeScript configuration files is an experimental feature and may change in future releases.
:::

> ESLint supports loading configuration files written in TypeScript optionally. When in runtime that supports TypeScript natively (Deno and Bun), native imports will be used. For the other runtime (Node.js etc.), the TypeScript support is powered by [`importx`](https://github.com/antfu/importx), which does not come out-of-the-box with ESLint, and you will need to install it as a dev dependency first:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ESLint supports loading configuration files written in TypeScript. When ESLint is executed in a runtime that supports TypeScript natively (Deno and Bun), native imports will be used. For other runtimes, the TypeScript support is powered by [`importx`](https://github.com/antfu/importx), which is not automatically installed with ESLint. You need to install it as a dev dependency manually:
```
